In this lab session, I'm going to create a nginx application or we can say nginx web page.
So I'm going to create a very simple web page and then I'm going to create a Docker image using the
Docker file.
And finally, once we have the Docker image, I'm going to execute that image as a container and we'll
show you how to access that web page from the Web browser.
So let's start.
So let me go inside this root and here, let me create one directory.
Let me go inside this one.
And here I'm going to create a Docker file.
And from and what image you want I want.
nginx image and the copy.
So here I'm going to create one directory.
And in that directory, I'm going to create my index.htm.
So copy.
And the directory name is app1.
You can give any name.
And I want it should be copied into this location.
Usr share nginx.
And html and app2 app1 okay.
So very simple docker file I have created and this is the content here we have now.
I'm going to create a directory which we have mentioned in my this docker file.
So the command is mkdir app1.
So this directory has been created.
Let me go inside this one and here I'm going to create a very simple html file.
So index.html.
And let's start html.
And here we have to put in the body.
Body and style =.
And let me give some background colour.
So what background colour I want.
So I'm giving blue okay ;
Let me close this one.
And this one.
And h1.
And here I'm going to put some message.
Welcome to.
ECS learning classes.
And p.
I'm just giving my name Shikhar Verma.
Very simple page.
I'm creating.
And I'm not very expertise on creating these things.
So if you are good in creating the HTML, you can create according to your requirement.
So I've just closed this one.
Okay, fine.
Now I'm going to create the Docker image.
So Docker image ls we have only single image?
So the command is docker build -t.
So here you can give any tag.
So I'm giving Shikhar docker and.
Nginx.
And at the last give ., . means where we have the docker file.
So in the same location we have the Docker file.
That's why I've given dot.
I'm getting this error.
Let's see what is the error, no such file?
And directory okay I'm in this location so we have to go to the location where we have the docker file.
So Docker file is in this location.
Again, I'm going to fire this command now we can see that it is started downloading the nginx image
from the Docker hub and in this nginx it is going to copy my this file.
So here you can see first it has downloaded the nginx, the latest nginx docker image and then
it has copied this app1 into my this location.
So let's see docker image ls.
So this is the Docker image.
Now, if you want to execute this Docker image as a container, you can use the VM machine, this machine
for executing this image, or you can also use the Amazon ECS to execute this image.
But very first step, you have to copy this image to the repository.
Your repository could be your Docker hub or Amazon ECR as well.
So you can use the Amazon ECR as well.
Amazon ECR is a repository where you can put your image.
So in this lab session, I'm going to run a container on the VM machine only.
So the command is Docker run and the  --name.
I can give any name.
I'm giving nginx App1 and port.
I'm defining the 81 : 80.
So 81 is the host port and 80 is your Docker port and -d is for detachable.
You can use also use rm.
So once you stop this docker image, what will happen?
It will delete the docker container.
So it is up to you.
Let me fire this command only so I'm getting some error.
Let's see Docker run --name nginx app -p and this one.
We have not provided the Docker image.
So again, I'm going to copy this command and at the last I'm just putting the this name, my image,
Now you can see that my container has been created.
Let's see docker container ls and here we have this one.
Now I want to access my nginx web page.
So coming back here, so this is my IP and just copy this IP and go to the browser and just put the
IP and 81 it is not working because I have to enable this 81 port from the security group.
So click on this security and then click on this one and edit inbound rules add.
And here I have to add all the ports required ports custom and 80.
This one.
This one and this is the custom.
So I want to add 81.
So these 2 ports, you have to added.
So you have to edit this inbound rules and allow these ports coming back here.
And again, I'm going to fire this command and here you can see I'm able to access my Web page and I've
also created my this app 1 inside this my index.html now you  can see that I'm getting the web
page which I have created.
So here you can see I have customized the Docker image as per my requirement.
And finally I have executed my Docker image as a container on my VM machine and I'm getting this output
or I can access my this page from the web browser.
So when I'm doing the lab session on Amazon ECS, I will be needing one Docker image like this image and
that image I'm going to execute as a container using the Amazon ECS instead of running on the VM machine.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.